plastic headbands are a great piece for
making hair accessories our headbands
can ready to decorate usually you cover
them with fabric or ribbon you can see
some examples of that I placed on the
table
we carry quite a few different styles
and sizes the most popular type of
headband that we sell are the classic
headbands without teeth this is a white
one we carry them as small as quarter of
an inch wide there's two different types
of quarter of an inch wide we have this
smaller style that's best for children
and then we also have this quarter of an
inch wide that is a little bit larger
overall it has a dome top and a flat
bottom and then we carry them as large
as two inches wide you can see here it's
some flat on both sides two inches
measures right here across the top of
the head and then it tapers to the end
these type of plastic headbands also
three sizes come in black plastic comes
in half an inch and one inch and one in
3/8 we also have plastic headbands that
have a foam piece glued to the top we
have two sizes that have that this is
the half inch size and then we also have
a one inch size right here it's the same
headband as our plastic headbands
without teeth it just has this quarter
of an inch thick piece of foam that's
glued to the top another style plastic
headbands we carry are our black plastic
headbands with teeth they come in three
sizes we have quarter inch half inch and
three eighths and they have they're made
with black plastic they are completely
flat on the top right here and on the
inside there is either one or two rows
of two
depending on which size you get sounds a
little bit more about our plastic
headbands if you have any questions as
always feel free to let us know we'll be
happy to help you out thanks for
watching